hello everyone its Elena and today I'll
share with you guys what
extracurriculars I did during my first
time at Cambridge now doing the
interview period I had a chance to meet
a few of you guys and I realized that
most of you guys were worried about
whether you even could do
extracurriculars during term time and
whether you could do more than one
because Jam is so stressful now
personally I did around 8
extracurriculars which is probably a
little bit crazy but to be honest I love
doing them and I really really enjoyed
it and for me personally this was the
exact right amount because I think I
just need to spend my time on things a
burden law and for me extracurriculars
are a great way to relax because law is
really really intense so you do need to
do something in order to take your mind
off law because otherwise your life is
just kind of consumed by your degree and
you don't want that to happen so here
are the extracurriculars that I did
doing my first term at Cambridge now I'm
not exactly sure how I managed to do
this but I ended up being on the
committee of two societies as a freshman
in my first term so the first committee
I ended up being on is the Cambridge
University and the International
Committee and I'm a general committee
member there and I had to run for this
position and I was really really scared
of the vote because I'm scared of losing
so yeah but I waited for the election
and now I'm a general committee member
I'm currently working with them on the
campaign for Cambridge student who is
detained without charges and we are
raising awareness around the university
and if you guys want to sign a petition
anyone can sign it you don't need to be
a Cambridge students of it
I've linked it for you guys below your
signature can help a lot please sign it
if you have two minutes today it would
be really really helpful I also work for
Amnesty International the NGO as a whole
as a member of their digital
verification corpse now the digital
verification corpse is a group of
students at different universities who
verify footage of atrocities for amnesty
now what verification means is that we
look at the footage and then we
determine where it happened when it
happened if it even happen who the
people in the video are what are the
weapons etc so that amnesty can then
take this for report and say ok so here
we have geo-located all these attacks we
can tell you when they happen and these
are conclusions about Tim Fermi this was
really an interesting work because I
want to be a human rights lawyer so this
showed me what conflict can look like on
the ground and what it means to do
research in the field of Human Rights
this could also be a little bit scary at
times because you look at gruesome
pictures and videos but we have a great
support group and we were also trained
in resilience so that helped a lot
now additional verification corpse is
quite a big time commitment it's around
six hours a week but I think it's
absolutely worth it and it is one of the
most rewarding experiences I've had
obviously my committee work can't be
measured like that like six hours a week
or whatever because obviously like we do
have one and a half hours of just
meetings a week but then we also work
outside it so I guess on my committee
work I spend around two to three hours a
week now you have a committee that I'm
on is the committee of the Cambridge
University human rights law society and
I'm their web manager so I look after
their website and I make sure that you
know it's running and it's up and
everything and I love the society
because the campus University Law
Society focuses mainly on commercial law
firms and for someone like me who is
very sad I'm working in human rights law
this wasn't really what I wanted so I'm
really glad that this society exists
because they show you that there are
other law firms which own commercial law
firms where you could work and I think
is really really important and I wish to
Cambridge University Law Society would
also show their part but that's not
really happening now more just like
focused on a commercial or sector but
that's fine because we do have to human
rights all society and I really enjoy
being firm because the committee is
awesome and I think we have some great
projects coming up now in terms of time
commitment this one is really hard to
measure we have a one-hour meeting a
week
unfortunately I can't always make it to
it because sometimes it's during my
lecture so I just have to catch up on it
but only I would attend that meeting and
then I usually do like an hour or maybe
two hours of work for the society
outside mostly I think it's an hour and
I also volunteer for a German foundation
the uawc germany foundation PwC stands
for United World colleges and those are
high schools around the world which
brings students from all different
countries and different socioeconomic
backgrounds together to learn together
for two years in order to overcome
stereotypes and to foster intercultural
understanding and international peace
and I really really lost my high school
experience and the only reason I was
able to attend my high school in Hong
Kong is that this foundation gave me a
scholarship for it and I'm super super
grateful for all the opportunities and
the support I had there and that's why I
decided to volunteer for the foundation
now since I'm not in Germany physically
I can't like you know work in there
office or anything like that but they
offered me to join the task force for
advertisement and now I'm managing their
YouTube account and I'm also involved
with the other social media accounts now
this is the time commitment of roughly
an hour to an hour and a half a week and
I really love it because I get to reach
out to current students and I get to
hear about their experiences and I also
love video editing so this was a great
match for me now the next thing is not
really an extracurricular activity but I
spent a lot of my time on it and I don't
really know whatever category I put this
inside decided to put us here because I
do run my own blog and I have this
YouTube channel and obviously just takes
up quite a bit of time usually it's
between one hour and three hours a week
because I try to publish one blog post a
week and one video a week and that is
quite a bit of work but to be honest I
love doing it and I especially love
receiving messages from people through
my blog because I get to read about the
experiences and you know what they think
about my videos and it's just amazing
because I've had messages from so many
people from all over the world and I
can't believe like how many people I was
able to reach through my website and
that just really touches me and I'm so
grateful that I started this I also
volunteer at Oxfam now I'm a shop
assistant in one of fair second-hand
shops here in Cambridge and what I
really love about volunteering somewhere
which is not associated with campus
university is that you get out of this
bubble you meet people who are from the
place where you live and who don't just
you know talk about their degrees and
wherever they go to pass exams etc and I
think this is really really important
you need to get out of this University
bubble every once in a while and that's
why I love volunteering at Oxfam now I
volunteered Oxfam four hours a week
every Saturday and I really love going
there because the people are super super
and nice like I would so highly
recommend volunteering for Oxfam because
all the people that I've met there they
were so kind and open and I just love
going there every time and whenever I
leave I just leave smiling like not even
kidding
I just really love going there I also
volunteer for a student support network
where we offer support to students who
are going for a difficult time and the
time for this really really varies
because you don't have to go every week
and it can be four hours and then it can
be eight hours a week but the great
thing is it's usually in the evenings
and that's why I love it because I'm not
going to
who works well in the evenings I'm more
of a morning person so for me going
there for a few hours in the evening is
great because I wouldn't do any work
anyway so instead of lying on my bed and
watching Netflix I might as well use my
time and actually do something good for
someone else lastly I also tried to came
to University Rifle Association I have
never ever held a rifle before coming to
Cambridge and I remember I'm during the
freshers fair and I saw them and they
said oh yeah like we have trials and I
was like oh that sounds cool I mean I I
never did this I just want to try it out
and I don't really want to join the
society but I just wanted to try it and
then I went there and I tried it and I
so loved the experience because you're
just like focusing on a dot on a wall
and that's all you're focusing on like
your entire mind it's just focused on
that one dot and for me what made the
store attractive is that you are not
focused on anything else at that moment
and that's something it's really hard
for me because I tend to have like 20
things on my mind I'm especially with my
law degree so um this is a way for me to
just forget about everything you know
all the stress surrounding it and just
focus on a dot on a wall and I go there
for two hours a week and I absolutely
love it and I'm so grateful that I
joined that society and yet nobody ate
extracurriculars that I did during my
past time at Cambridge I hope you guys
enjoyed this video I was thinking about
doing a review off my first term here at
Cambridge if you guys would be
interested in that please let me know in
the comments and thank you guys so much
for watching have a nice day bye